In a last lecture we created a form using the reactive approach a very basic form I should say using
foreign group and form control.
You could of course also use the form builder.
But now I want to use synchronized with HVM.
So in my HMO code first of all need to inform English too that I got my own form for this form element
and added I don't want English to to create a forum for me.
I do this by binding the form group property or directive here on this forum element.
So by binding this property of this form group directive I do tell and let you please use my form instead
of your form and therefore I need to pass my for in the recipe for this property which I saw in here
where I assigned my own form.
That's the first step.
Now the former is synchronized but I also need to tell you which input refers to which control in my
form right.
A DUDAS for the first input here which should hold the title by adding a form control name directive.
And since I only assign a string here we don't need to use the square brackets here but the string is
simply title and this is the name of this control I'm using here.
So of course this has to be the same.
Now that's the same for the text area.
Hirable use form control name to assign this to the Description Control.
And last but not least the dropdown you could think this is complicated to hook up but it's super easy.
You just go to unselect And that's important select not the option DS select component is the overall
input.
And there again you use form control name and assign this to difficulty and angler you will figure out
the rest behind the scenes.
Super easy with this in place.
Let's save this and to be able to see something when we submitted.
I also will at the end submit event here to the form element and execute on submit.
Now this method doesn't exist yet so will quickly created here.
In my typescript file on submit.
I don't need to pass the form as an argument because it's already stored in this property Sewer's so
I can access it in my typescript file and for no.
Now all I want to do is I want to log the whole recipe form here with this emplace Let's save this.
And also important note you don't need to import to reject the forms module.
This is done automatically by a sonic module just like before with the normal forms module.
So let's see this in action now.
If I go to recipes and open up my page this does not look good.
I do get the error that form group expects a form group instance.
Now if I go back to my page here we get a recipe for him and this recipe form of course is a type for
group and I'm assigning my form group.
But what's going wrong.
Well I'm never calling this initialize form right.
So let's do this here an engine in it let's call initialize form there to actually create a form.
Sounds kind of important.
So let's do this.
And with that let's try it again.
Let's go to this new page.
Now it looks better.
And now let's try to create a tasty recipe or like a schnitzel which is very tasty and that's awesome
description for recipe everyone likes descriptions like these.
And don't switch just to heart and take a new recipe.
And here we go.
This is our form group as you can see on the value property.
Our form is correctly created and stored and synchronized.
These are the values I entered or when we look at difficulty chose in the dropdown.
So this is working important first step.
Now let's continue our work on this form on this page to also add the option of adding ingredients to
this recipe.